Update package metadata (#1464)
SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe: PackageReadme.md

> # Steeltoe&nbsp;[![Build Status](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_apis/build/status/Steeltoe.All?branchName=main)](https://dev.azure.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/_build/latest?definitionId=4&branchName=main)&nbsp;[![NuGet Version](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/Steeltoe.Common.svg?style=flat)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/Steeltoe.Common/)&nbsp;[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/stack%20overflow-steeltoe-orange.svg)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/steeltoe)

Reviewer: The build status badge doesn't belong here. This README is supposed to be a point-in-time document. It should not reference "the latest build", which _never_ applies to the specific package version this document belongs to.

The Nuget badge is redundant, anyone reading this is already looking at this package on nuget.org.

Author: Sorry for the confusion, I added the suggestion to eliminate some extra push/pull

> # Steeltoe&nbsp;[![Stack Overflow](https://img.shields.io/badge/stack%20overflow-steeltoe-orange.svg)](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/steeltoe)

Reviewer: Can we drop the badge in favor of mentioning SO in the Feedback section, so we have all the channels in one place? It should resemble what we're going to do for the root `README.md`.

Reviewer: > It should resemble what we're going to do for the root `README.md`.

I was referring to the work we discussed for #1463, assuming it would be part of this PR. It looks like that's not the case, or at least not as discussed, though there are _some_ changes. What's the goal for this PR?

[Steeltoe](https://steeltoe.io/) provides building blocks for development of .NET applications that integrate with [Spring](https://spring.io/) and [Spring Boot](https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot) environments, as well as [Cloud Foundry](https://www.cloudfoundry.org/) and [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io/) with first-party support for [Tanzu](https://tanzu.vmware.com/tanzu).

Key features include:

- External (optionally encrypted) configuration using [Spring Cloud Config Server](https://docs.spring.io/spring-cloud-config/docs/current/reference/html/)

> - Service discovery with [Eureka](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-netflix) and [HashiCorp Consul](https://www.consul.io/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Service discovery with [Netflix Eureka](https://spring.io/projects/spring-cloud-netflix) and [HashiCorp Consul](https://www.consul.io/)
```

> - Management endpoints (compatible with [actuators](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html)), providing system info, heap/thread dumps, health checks, metrics exporting for [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), and changing log levels at runtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Management endpoints (compatible with [actuators](https://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/current/reference/html/actuator.html)), providing system info (such as versions, configuration, service container contents, mapped routes and HTTP traffic), heap/thread dumps, health checks, exporting metrics to [Prometheus](https://prometheus.io/), and changing log levels at runtime.
```

- [Steeltoe Initializr](https://start.steeltoe.io) - Pick and choose what type of application you would like to build and let us generate the initial project for you
  - The Initializr uses [.NET templates](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/NetCoreToolTemplates) that can also be used from the `dotnet` CLI and inside of Visual Studio
- [Steeltoe Samples](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Samples) - Here we have working samples for trying out features and to use as code references

### Framework Targets

| Steeltoe Version | .NET Version |
| --- | --- |
| 4.x | .NET 8 - 9 |
| 3.x | .NET Core 3.1 - .NET 6 |
| 2.x | .NET Framework 4.6.1+ |

## Feedback and Support

For community support, we recommend [Steeltoe OSS Slack](https://slack.steeltoe.io) or [StackOverflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/steeltoe)

For production support, we recommend you reach out to [Broadcom Support](https://support.broadcom.com/).

For other questions or feedback, [open an issue](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/issues/new/choose).

## Contributing

Bug reports and contributions are welcome at [the GitHub repository](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe).

> For more information on contributing to the project, please see the [Steeltoe Wiki](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/wiki#contributing).

Author: The formatting in your suggesting does not look correct

> For more information on contributing to the project, please see the [Steeltoe Wiki](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/wiki#contributing).

Reviewer: What's wrong with it?

> For more information on contributing to the project, please see the [Steeltoe Wiki](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/wiki#contributing).

Author: `please visit [Steeltoe on GitHub](https://github.com/[Steeltoe](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe)OSS/Steeltoe)` it's like it got pasted inside itself

> For more information on contributing to the project, please see the [Steeltoe Wiki](https://github.com/SteeltoeOSS/Steeltoe/wiki#contributing).

Reviewer: Thanks, updated.
